{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Baron, D., Poznanski, D., 2017. The weirdest SDSS galaxies: results from an outlier detection algorithm. Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 465, 4530\uc0\u8211{}4555. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stw3021\
Cheng, T.-Y., Li, N., Conselice, C.J., Arag\uc0\u243{}n-Salamanca, A., Dye, S., Metcalf, R.B., 2020. Identifying strong lenses with unsupervised machine learning using convolutional autoencoder. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 494, 3750\uc0\u8211{}3765. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/staa1015\
Doorenbos, L., Cavuoti, S., Brescia, M., D\uc0\u8217{}Isanto, A., Longo, G., 2021. Comparison of outlier detection methods on astronomical image data. pp. 197\uc0\u8211{}223. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-65867-0_9\
Fustes, D., Manteiga, M., Dafonte, C., Arcay, B., Ulla, A., Smith, K., Borrachero, R., Sordo, R., 2013. An approach to the analysis of SDSS spectroscopic outliers based on self-organizing maps: Designing the outlier analysis software package for the next {\i{}Gaia} survey. A&A 559, A7. https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201321445\
Giles, D., Walkowicz, L., 2019. Systematic serendipity: a test of unsupervised machine learning as a method for anomaly detection. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 484, 834\uc0\u8211{}849. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/sty3461\
Hocking, A., Geach, J.E., Sun, Y., Davey, N., 2018. An automatic taxonomy of galaxy morphology using unsupervised machine learning. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 473, 1108\uc0\u8211{}1129. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stx2351\
Kingma, D.P., Ba, J., 2017. Adam: A Method for Stochastic Optimization.\
Margalef-Bentabol, B., Huertas-Company, M., Charnock, T., Margalef-Bentabol, C., Bernardi, M., Dubois, Y., Storey-Fisher, K., Zanisi, L., 2020. Detecting outliers in astronomical images with deep generative networks. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 496, 2346\uc0\u8211{}2361. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/staa1647\
Martin, G., Kaviraj, S., Hocking, A., Read, S.C., Geach, J.E., 2020. Galaxy morphological classification in deep-wide surveys via unsupervised machine learning. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 491, 1408\uc0\u8211{}1426. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stz3006\
Norris, R.P., 2017. Discovering the Unexpected in Astronomical Survey Data. Publ. Astron. Soc. Aust. 34, e007. https://doi.org/10.1017/pasa.2016.63\
Sarv Ahrabi, S., Piazzo, L., Momenzadeh, A., Scarpiniti, M., Baccarelli, E., 2022. Exploiting probability density function of deep convolutional autoencoders\uc0\u8217{} latent space for reliable COVID-19 detection on CT scans. J Supercomput 78, 12024\uc0\u8211{}12045. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11227-022-04349-y\
Solarz, A., Bilicki, M., Gromadzki, M., Pollo, A., Durkalec, A., Wypych, M., 2017. Automated novelty detection in the WISE survey with one-class support vector machines. A&A 606, A39. https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201730968\
Wei, P., Luo, A., Li, Y., Pan, J., Tu, L., Jiang, B., Kong, X., Shi, Z., Yi, Z., Wang, F., Liu, J., Zhao, Y., 2013. Mining unusual and rare stellar spectra from large spectroscopic survey data sets using the outlier-detection method. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society 431, 1800\uc0\u8211{}1811. https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/stt298\
Willett, K.W., Lintott, C.J., Bamford, S.P., Masters, K.L., Simmons, B.D., Casteels, K.R.V., Edmonson, E.M., Fortson, L.F., Kaviraj, S., Keel, W.C., Melvin, T., Nichol, R.C., Raddick, M.J., Schawinski, K., Simpson, R.J., Skibba, R.A., Smith, A.M., Thomas, D., 2013. Galaxy Zoo 2: Images from Original Sample. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3565489\
Yan, Y., Cao, L., Kulhman, C., Rundensteiner, E., 2017. Distributed Local Outlier Detection in Big Data, in: Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. Presented at the KDD \uc0\u8217{}17: The 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, ACM, Halifax NS Canada, pp. 1225\uc0\u8211{}1234. https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098179\
Yu, Q., Kavitha, M.S., Kurita, T., 2021a. Extensive framework based on novel convolutional and variational autoencoder based on maximization of mutual information for anomaly detection. Neural Comput & Applic 33, 13785\uc0\u8211{}13807. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00521-021-06017-3\
Yu, Q., Kavitha, M.S., Kurita, T., 2021b. Mixture of experts with convolutional and variational autoencoders for anomaly detection. Appl Intell 51, 3241\uc0\u8211{}3254. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489-020-01944-5\
}